### Job Descriptions

We want to make sure our job descriptions give you a clear picture of the role that you’re applying for, set clear expectations for your first three months, and give you some loose guidelines as to what experience you might have if you’re applying to the role.  We’ve run each of our job descriptions through [Textio](https://textio.com/), a text analytics platform that helps us use language that is inclusive to all and helps you envision yourself working with us at Cockroach Labs.  We try to make sure the tone of our job descriptions is neutral rather than masculine or feminine, to make sure that our job descriptions resound equally with candidates of all genders.  We include an equal opportunity statement on our job description and hope that candidates choose to fill out the optional EEOC questionnaire.  Asking these questions will help us discover any stages of our interview process that may be affecting certain groups of people, and with that data, we can ensure that our interview process is fair for candidates from all backgrounds.

While we may use specific job titles on our jobs page to help candidates find our open positions, internally, we standardize job titles to drive equality between people in a specific job function.  For example, no matter whether you are an engineer working on our core, SQL, or admin UI engineering teams, your internal job title will be Member of Technical Staff.  Respect is one of our core values, and it is important to us that the expertise of everyone one of our employees is respected.  This system also allows our employees to focus more on what they need to do to achieve company, team, and personal goals, rather than focusing on what they need to do to get to the next job title.  
