{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ### Product Design Exercises\
\
**Job title: Product Designer**\
\
**Title of the Exercise: Design Exercise/Portfolio Panel Discussion**\
\
* **Overview:**\
\
    * Part 1: Take-home Exercise Review - Product thinking, a little touch on design\
\
    * Part 2: Portfolio Review - Visual design project and trade-offs \
\
* **Part 1:** Take-home Exercise Review. The panel will first ask the candidate to present their take-home exercise. Exercise is attached. Redesign of an iphone performance app. \
\
    * [Battery Memory System Status Monitor](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/battery-memory-system-status-monitor/id497937231?mt=8) is an application for monitoring your device's performance. The Summary page is the first page users see when they launch the app. Your task is to redesign/reimagine the Summary page for its Android application using Google\'92s Material Design system. \
\
* **Part 2:** Portfolio Review\
\
    * Candidate will come prepared to review a portfolio project with a focus on visual design. Tell us about the project. \
\
**Job title: Product Designer**\
\
**Title of the Exercise: Product Thinking and Problem Solving**\
\
* **Overview:** Interviewer explains the positioning of CockroachDB. After installing CockroachDB and exploring the UI admin, the candidate to show an ability to conduct valuable user research as well as have an opinionated view on how to improve usability.\
\
* **Setup:** Interviewer will discuss CockroachDB and have the candidate define the user group. Candidate should ask insightful questions. \
\
* **Part 1:** Candidate will install CockroachDB with the interviewer and explore the UI Admin. The interviewer will use prompt questions to understand how the candidate is thinking about the product and seek for any improvements that they can make. \
\
**Job title: Product Designer**\
\
**Title of the Exercise: Whiteboard Exercise: Design an alarm clock**\
\
* **Overview:** Interviewer will draw the interface of an alarm clock, giving the alarm clock two buttons.\
\
* **Part 1:** Candidate to use two buttons to set and alarm clock.\
\
}