{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ### Recruiting Exercises\
\
**Job title: Recruiter**\
\
**Title of the Exercise: Kick-off Meeting for Android Developer **\
\
* **Set-up:** The candidate\'92s take-home exercise will be sent to you prior to your interview. The candidate put together this exercise with the intent of kicking-off the process for an Android developer. You have asked them to come prepared with a high-level process and 3 candidate profiles. The candidate will have access to the take-home exercise via their interview template on the laptop. You should encourage them to fine tune the process as you go through your meeting with them. \
\
* **Overview****:** Candidate will conduct the kick-off meeting with you as the hiring manager. The candidate should accomplish the following:\
\
    * Establish a clear process for the position. This should include responsibilities of the recruiter and hiring manager, a clear overview of the process, and a final requisition to post.  \
\
    * Review of the candidate profiles they found.\
\
    * Deliverables. What are the commitments that they have made with next steps. \
\
    * 15 mins spent on candidate reach out email. \
\
**Job title: Recruiter**\
\
**Title of the Exercise:** **Extending an Offer **\
\
* **Overview****:** In-person extension of an offer for an Android Developer.\
\
* **Part 1:** Interviewer presents the exercise. In the Google doc, the candidate has access to the individual\'92s current compensation details and offer details for the offer. The candidate is expected to review this information and formally extend an offer to the interviewer. Before moving to the offer extension, allow for the candidate to ask questions and formalize the offer extend. \
\
* **Follow-up Questions:**\
\
    * Tell me about a competing offer you lost against? What was the situation? What did you learn?\
\
    * Tell me about how you build rapport with your candidates. \
\
    * How do you go about setting your employer\'92s brand apart from competitors in the marketplace?\
\
    * What has been the most difficult offer that you closed? How did you go about closing the offer? What did you learn. \
\
**Job title: Recruiter**\
\
**Title of the Exercise:** **Pipeline Development for a Product Designer **\
\
* **Overview:** The candidate should have a solid foundation of how we recruit at CRL due to the earlier interview focused on building and identifying talent for an Android Developer. We are going to switch gears on them and have them apply their skills to sourcing a Product Designer. \
\
* **Part 1:** Learn about the requisition. What do you look for as a hiring manager?\
\
* **Part 2:** Source and review profiles. \
\
* **Follow-up Questions:**\
\
    * What have you found to be effective sourcing strategies?\
\
    * What is a unique sourcing strategy that you have implemented?\
\
    * What is the best way to connect with a hard to reach candidate?\
\
**Job title: Recruiter**\
\
**Title of the Exercise:** **College Recruiting Event **\
\
* **Overview:** Cockroach Labs would like to plan an info session at the University of Waterloo. \
\
* **Part 1:** Decide the date and name of the info session (see [worksheet](https://docs.google.com/a/cockroachlabs.com/document/d/1zVLHHpSqKZKcZTa315-J-_uavJUpjblpVugxPQtH5pc/edit?usp=sharing))\
\
* **Part 2:** Plan the event (see [worksheet](https://docs.google.com/a/cockroachlabs.com/document/d/1zVLHHpSqKZKcZTa315-J-_uavJUpjblpVugxPQtH5pc/edit?usp=sharing))\
\
* **Follow-up Questions:**\
\
    * Beyond info sessions, what are some successful strategies you have used or seen people use to recruit college talent?\
\
    * What are some successful ways you recruit industry talent through events?\
\
}