{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ### Recruiter Phone Screen\
\
We conduct recruiter phone screens for all positions. The phone screens typically take around 30 minutes and are conducted by the recruiter responsible for the position. \
\
At the beginning of the phone screen, the recruiter will let the candidate know that they will be starting the phone screen by learning more about the candidate\'92s background and experience; then giving the candidate an overview of the company, position, and process; and lastly, wrapping up the call with any questions the candidate may have. \
\
**Typical recruiter phone screen questions:**\
\
1. Overview of work experience, current and past (i.e., What you do? Where have you worked? Professional accomplishments? What are your primary responsibilities? What is the rest of your time spent on? etc.)\
\
2. What is the largest or most impactful project you have worked on? What was the structure of the team? What was your responsibility?\
\
3. Do you have any side projects that you are working on? (e.g., Github contributions, etc.)\
\
4. What sparked your interest in Cockroach Labs? What motivated your job search?\
\
5. Do you have any time constraints (offers expected, vacations planned, etc.)? Are you interviewing with other companies? If yes, at what step of the process are you in?\
\
6. Confirm any salary expectations.\
\
7. Confirm education.\
\
8. Are you eligible to work in the U.S.?\
\
The questions above will vary on the role the candidate is being considered for. These questions are determined with the Hiring Manager during the kick-off meeting for the position. \
\
It\'92s important to note that compensation is discussed at start and end of the process but not in between. Compensation expectations are asked about during the recruiter phone screen. If expectations seem misaligned based on what is approved for the role, the recruiter will let the candidate know. Being a startup, we sometimes can not meet the expectations that a candidate may have. If expectations are aligned, then the topic of compensation does not resurface until an offer is extended. \
\
At the end of the phone screen, the candidate will have a good understanding of the company, the role, timeline, and next steps. When still calibrating on a position, the recruiter will review the candidate\'92s pre-screen notes and resume before determining next steps. \
\
}