{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ### Rejecting applicants\
\
1. At any time during the hiring process the candidate can be rejected or they can withdraw from the process.\
\
2. The applicant will always be notified if they are rejected. The recruiter is primarily responsible for declining candidates. \
\
3. If the candidate asks for further feedback, the feedback will always be related to the job requirements. If a candidate is rejected from the process, we ask that a candidate reflects on the requirements for the role and the interview process to see where they may still have some room to grow. \
\
4. It is important to remember that Cockroach Lab is still very small so the requirements are very specific and the expectations for the roles are high. Our main objective is to guarantee the success of the candidate if they are hired. If we feel there is any misalignment with the role, even minor, we will reject the candidate from the process. \
\
5. The recruiter will send out an inquiry to all candidates who come onsite to gather feedback after they have exited the hiring process. The feedback is sent out within 2 days after the applicant has been notified of the rejection or hire. People Ops will review all feedback and use it to improve the hiring process.}