{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ### Structuring the Interview\
\
#### Before the interview\
\
* While the candidate is expected to review all resources available to prepare for the interview, our interviewers need to also prepare. We expect our interviewers to be clear on the skills required for the position. \
\
* Although the resume is not included for the interviewer, the level of the candidate is available in the public notes. This will indicate the years of experience that the candidate has in the industry. \
\
* The interviewer will also come prepared with a question strategy and approach to get data to assess the candidate\'92s fit for the position. For technical interviews, this includes coding, data structures, algorithms and system design. \
\
#### During the interview\
\
1. It\'92s important to remember that interviews are not natural and it\'92s normal not to feel comfortable. There is an unbalanced power relationship during the interview. The interviewer is in a power position, deciding who receives an offer and who does not. At Cockroach Labs, we strive to be as friendly and open as we can, setting clear expectations. As the candidate, you can expect the following structure to be used: \
\
* Opening (5%) - Build trust and rapport, establish a positive climate, structure the interview\
\
    * Greeting - Let them know who you are and what you do at Cockroach Labs! \
\
    * Stage Setter - Provide a framework to the interview: "We are going to go through a series of questions and at the end, I\'92ll provide you with some time to ask questions to me."\
\
    * Any other relevant information to put the candidate at ease.\
\
* Interview Question (75/90%)\
\
    * Varies on the type of interview you are conducting. Please see specific Interview Guides for breakdowns.\
\
* Close (5%) - Candidate Questions\
\
2. Communication is really hard in an interview setting. Candidates need to allow the interviewer to consistently hear their thought process. The interviewers will provide prompts to help the candidate through questions if they get stumped. Our objective is not to challenge a candidate to the point of discomfort, rather, open up their mind to learn about how they solve problems.  \
\
3. We do not strive to assess perfect theoretical knowledge that the candidate can google when needed, or give a problem that took you 2 months to dominate yet you expect your interviewee to master in a 30 minutes conversation.\
\
4. Come prepared. If you haven\'92t been interviewing, run through a couple of questions with your friends so you will get back to the mentality of what it feels like to answer interview question. \
\
5. Come with questions! The interviewer leaves time at the end of the interview to ask questions so please come with them and we will be prepared to answer as thoroughly as we can. \
}